Now finally let's see if our tests still work.
So I know that we haven't added many more tests to the older functionality that we have created since
we initially wrote those tests.
But let's see if they still work at all.
So we are on vendor been peach bee unit and we see that there are a lot of errors and they all happen
to be related to that as well.
Light.
So this actually might be problematic to create separate migrations just to handle all the differences
that obscure light has.
So actually to make our life easier because it seems it doesn't really work well for us to have Eskew
applied as the database let's just modify that so we will be using the my sequel database instead of
Eskew a light for the database testing.
So let's go to the Peach bee my admin and create our new database let's call it larval underscore testing
or whatever you came up with.
Now we have to specify the collation which well should be exactly the same as we use for the application.
This should be UTF and before Unicode S.I..
Let's create this database Lovell underscore.
Testing and now let's head to the database peach bee file where we define all of our connections.
So what we used so far was this Eskil light underscore testing connection for in-memory as El database.
So what we can alternatively do is copy this my secret connection which we use for the application.
Call it my sequel testing
we can leave all the older parameters the same the host is the same board is the same piece in our case
because we have a local database index sump user name password should be the same.
The only thing that changes is actually the database so this can be modified inside the P2P unique configuration
file
so here we have specified that the db connection should be askew allied testing actually it has to be
my sequel testing.
So our new connection my sequel.
Testing.
OK.
Now we also have to pass our database name using the environment variable.
So not to destroy our database that we are working on.
We should create another environment variable for Peach B unit
and it is called D B database and if you remember this is called larval testing
that's the exact the the database name you should provide.
OK.
So from now on our tests will recreate this larval testing database on each test run at least.
Whenever you have specify it to do so let's open the post test BHP.
So if you use the refresh database straight then this will reload the database on every test run.
So let's run it again to see if we have any broken tests.
And now you see that we do not have many problems with the obscure light but actually we have a failing
test.
There is only one and it is in tests one blog post with comments so let's find this so test see one
blog post with comments.
And what the problem is that we are creating comments using factory.
So we haven't changed that much to use seeders or anything else and we rely on the common model to have
our blog post I.D. column which it doesn't.
So that's another lesson for the future that whenever you write tests and you create some factories
probably it's the best idea to just use the factories for the models inside tests too because you should
probably update them whenever you change your application.
So let's just fix this.
The quickest way possible so we specify commendable idea because this is how the relation column is
called now.
But that's not everything.
We also have to add comment and all type.
So this is only for the blog post.
Otherwise this won't be fetched by the blog posts.
If commendable type is empty or is something different done up slash blog post now save the changes
and let's rerun the tests.
There is another problem.
User I.D. doesn't have a default value test see one blog post with comments.
So another thing is that we have to now specify user I.D. inside the comment model.
And when we have created this test we didn't do that.
So since it doesn't really matter what is the user I.D. we can just reuse this user help or method that
we have created for our test to just create a user when we need him so we can do it like that.
This should already create our user who can see this as using factor in
and we can now pass the user I.D. for the comment model so user I.D. Now let's rerun the tests and they're
all green.
So this is not a perfect situation.
Obviously we have modified our application allowed.
We have created a lot of things but tests are still kind of out of date.
So we do not follow our tests with whatever functionality that we create.
So just so you know this is not a best practice actually you should be writing your tests first and
then implement the actual logic inside the application but the only thing I'm not doing this is this
would actually take quite a lot of time that we can use to learn the the vote itself.
But Well definitely this is something you should know that writing tests should always follow whatever
functionality you create or whatever changes you are making.